# Project 1

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

This project builds a book review website. On the opening page, users must log in or sign up if they don't already have an account. Once logged in, a user is transferred to the book search page where they can search for books by typing in part of the author, title, or ISBN of a book. If there are books in the database that match the search criteria, the user is redirected to a page giving a list of matches. Clicking on any of the matching books redirects the user to a page where details about the book are presented, as well as any reviews that have been posted. A user who hasn't already posted a review of the book can submit a review on this page. The book page also reports the number of reviews of the book that have been posted on the goodreads website, and the average rating the book was given on that website.

The project website has an API, allowing users to use isbn numbers to get details about any book in the site's database, as well as the number of reviews of the given book that have been posted on the website, and the average rating given.

The project consists of the following files:

/application.py
  This is the Python 3 script that drives the website.

/books.csv
  A comma-separated list of books provided by the HarvardX team behind the 'Web Programming with Python and JavaScript' MOOC.

/create.py
  This Python 3 script creates tables in the project (postgresql) database.

/import.py
  This file imports the information in books.csv into the project database.

/README.md
  The current file

/requirements.txt
  A file provided by the HarvardX team used to ensure that all the correct Python 3 modules are present. It has been modified in order to include the requests module.

/static/styles/
  styles.scss
    This file contains styles using some sass extensions to css. It requires processing into .css form before it can be used.
  styles.css
    Automatically generated by sass from styles.scss when (e.g.) the command 'sass --watch styles.scss styles.css'.
  styles.css.map
    Automatically generated by SASS when converting styles.scss into usable form.

/templates/
  book.html
    The html file for the webpage that presents details about a particular book and enables them to see ratings and ratings from other users as well as to post their own.

  error.html
    The html file for the webpage to which users are directed when things go wrong.

  index.html
    The html file for the front page where users select whether they want to sign up or log in.

  layout.html
    The basic template for the different html files for the pages in the app.

  log_in_or_sign_up.html
      The html file for the page where users sign up if they are new or log in if they have already signed up (as determined by the choice they make on the front page corresponding to index.html).

    search_results.html
      The html file for the page where results are presented of searches on the page corresponding to search.html. These results are presented as a list of links that users can click in order to be directed to the appropriate book page.

    search.html
      The html file for the page where users are invited to search for a book using part of its title, its author's name or its ISBN.
